docs: Add how-to  granted permissions for uib application (#2855)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/package-and-deploy-your-application.adoc

Then, these applications can be accessed from the Bonita Administrator Application and the Bonita Application Directory page.

> === Setup permissions for your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Grant permissions for your application
```

> You can now xref:ui-builder/how-to-declare-permissions-for-rest-api-request.adoc[declare permissions] for your application from Bonita Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to ensure correct access to your production application and its resources (i.e. widgets, data...), you need to check and xref:ui-builder/how-to-declare-permissions-for-rest-api-request.adoc[grant the necessary permissions] for users or profiles. This is needed if your application is performing requests to Bonita REST API.
```
